fab fa-accessible-icon
far,fas,fa fa-address-book
far,fas,fa fa-address-card
fas,fa fa-bed
fas,fa fa-blind
fas,fa fa-chalkboard-teacher
fas,fa fa-female
far,fas,fa fa-frown
far,fas,fa fa-id-badge
far,fas,fa fa-id-card
fas,fa fa-id-card-alt
fas,fa fa-male
far,fas,fa fa-meh
fas,fa fa-poo
fas,fa fa-portrait
fas,fa fa-power-off
fas,fa fa-skating
fas,fa fa-skiing
fas,fa fa-skiing-nordic
far,fas,fa fa-smile
fas,fa fa-snowboarding
fas,fa fa-street-view
far,fas,fa fa-user
fas,fa fa-user-alt
fas,fa fa-user-alt-slash
fas,fa fa-user-astronaut
fas,fa fa-user-check
far,fas,fa fa-user-circle
fas,fa fa-user-cog
fas,fa fa-user-edit
fas,fa fa-user-friends
fas,fa fa-user-graduate
fas,fa fa-user-injured
fas,fa fa-user-lock
fas,fa fa-user-md
fas,fa fa-user-minus
fas,fa fa-user-ninja
fas,fa fa-user-plus
fas,fa fa-user-secret
fas,fa fa-user-shield
fas,fa fa-user-slash
fas,fa fa-user-tag
fas,fa fa-user-tie
fas,fa fa-user-times
fas,fa fa-users
fas,fa fa-users-cog
fas,fa fa-wheelchair