far,fas,fa fa-address-book
far,fas,fa fa-address-card
fas,fa fa-archive
fas,fa fa-balance-scale
fas,fa fa-birthday-cake
fas,fa fa-book
fas,fa fa-briefcase
far,fas,fa fa-building
fas,fa fa-bullhorn
fas,fa fa-bullseye
fas,fa fa-business-time
fas,fa fa-calculator
far,fas,fa fa-calendar
far,fas,fa fa-calendar-alt
fas,fa fa-certificate
fas,fa fa-chart-area
far,fas,fa fa-chart-bar
fas,fa fa-chart-line
fas,fa fa-chart-pie
fas,fa fa-city
far,fas,fa fa-copy
far,fas,fa fa-copyright
fas,fa fa-cut
far,fas,fa fa-edit
far,fas,fa fa-envelope
far,fas,fa fa-envelope-open
fas,fa fa-envelope-square
fas,fa fa-eraser
fas,fa fa-fax
far,fas,fa fa-file
far,fas,fa fa-file-alt
far,fas,fa fa-folder
fas,fa fa-folder-minus
far,fas,fa fa-folder-open
fas,fa fa-folder-plus
fas,fa fa-glasses
fas,fa fa-globe
fas,fa fa-highlighter
fas,fa fa-industry
fas,fa fa-pen-fancy
fas,fa fa-pen-nib
fas,fa fa-pen-square
fas,fa fa-pencil-alt
fas,fa fa-percent
fas,fa fa-phone
fas,fa fa-phone-slash
fas,fa fa-phone-square
fas,fa fa-phone-volume
fas,fa fa-print
fas,fa fa-project-diagram
far,fas,fa fa-registered
far,fas,fa fa-save
fas,fa fa-sitemap
fas,fa fa-socks
far,fas,fa fa-sticky-note
fas,fa fa-stream
fas,fa fa-table
fas,fa fa-tag
fas,fa fa-tags
fas,fa fa-tasks
fas,fa fa-thumbtack
fas,fa fa-trademark
fas,fa fa-wallet