far,fas,fa fa-address-book
far,fas,fa fa-address-card
far,fas,fa fa-angry
far,fas,fa fa-arrow-alt-circle-down
far,fas,fa fa-arrow-alt-circle-left
far,fas,fa fa-arrow-alt-circle-right
far,fas,fa fa-arrow-alt-circle-up
far,fas,fa fa-bell
far,fas,fa fa-bell-slash
far,fas,fa fa-bookmark
far,fas,fa fa-building
far,fas,fa fa-calendar
far,fas,fa fa-calendar-alt
far,fas,fa fa-calendar-check
far,fas,fa fa-calendar-minus
far,fas,fa fa-calendar-plus
far,fas,fa fa-calendar-times
far,fas,fa fa-caret-square-down
far,fas,fa fa-caret-square-left
far,fas,fa fa-caret-square-right
far,fas,fa fa-caret-square-up
far,fas,fa fa-chart-bar
far,fas,fa fa-check-circle
far,fas,fa fa-check-square
far,fas,fa fa-circle
far,fas,fa fa-clipboard
far,fas,fa fa-clock
far,fas,fa fa-clone
far,fas,fa fa-closed-captioning
far,fas,fa fa-comment
far,fas,fa fa-comment-alt
far,fas,fa fa-comment-dots
far,fas,fa fa-comments
far,fas,fa fa-compass
far,fas,fa fa-copy
far,fas,fa fa-copyright
far,fas,fa fa-credit-card
far,fas,fa fa-dizzy
far,fas,fa fa-dot-circle
far,fas,fa fa-edit
far,fas,fa fa-envelope
far,fas,fa fa-envelope-open
far,fas,fa fa-eye
far,fas,fa fa-eye-slash
far,fas,fa fa-file
far,fas,fa fa-file-alt
far,fas,fa fa-file-archive
far,fas,fa fa-file-audio
far,fas,fa fa-file-code
far,fas,fa fa-file-excel
far,fas,fa fa-file-image
far,fas,fa fa-file-pdf
far,fas,fa fa-file-powerpoint
far,fas,fa fa-file-video
far,fas,fa fa-file-word
far,fas,fa fa-flag
far,fas,fa fa-flushed
far,fas,fa fa-folder
far,fas,fa fa-folder-open
far,fas,fa fa-frown
far,fas,fa fa-frown-open
far,fas,fa fa-futbol
far,fas,fa fa-gem
far,fas,fa fa-grimace
far,fas,fa fa-grin
far,fas,fa fa-grin-alt
far,fas,fa fa-grin-beam
far,fas,fa fa-grin-beam-sweat
far,fas,fa fa-grin-hearts
far,fas,fa fa-grin-squint
far,fas,fa fa-grin-squint-tears
far,fas,fa fa-grin-stars
far,fas,fa fa-grin-tears
far,fas,fa fa-grin-tongue
far,fas,fa fa-grin-tongue-squint
far,fas,fa fa-grin-tongue-wink
far,fas,fa fa-grin-wink
far,fas,fa fa-hand-lizard
far,fas,fa fa-hand-paper
far,fas,fa fa-hand-peace
far,fas,fa fa-hand-point-down
far,fas,fa fa-hand-point-left
far,fas,fa fa-hand-point-right
far,fas,fa fa-hand-point-up
far,fas,fa fa-hand-pointer
far,fas,fa fa-hand-rock
far,fas,fa fa-hand-scissors
far,fas,fa fa-hand-spock
far,fas,fa fa-handshake
far,fas,fa fa-hdd
far,fas,fa fa-heart
far,fas,fa fa-hospital
far,fas,fa fa-hourglass
far,fas,fa fa-id-badge
far,fas,fa fa-id-card
far,fas,fa fa-image
far,fas,fa fa-images
far,fas,fa fa-keyboard
far,fas,fa fa-kiss
far,fas,fa fa-kiss-beam
far,fas,fa fa-kiss-wink-heart
far,fas,fa fa-laugh
far,fas,fa fa-laugh-beam
far,fas,fa fa-laugh-squint
far,fas,fa fa-laugh-wink
far,fas,fa fa-lemon
far,fas,fa fa-life-ring
far,fas,fa fa-lightbulb
far,fas,fa fa-list-alt
far,fas,fa fa-map
far,fas,fa fa-meh
far,fas,fa fa-meh-blank
far,fas,fa fa-meh-rolling-eyes
far,fas,fa fa-minus-square
far,fas,fa fa-money-bill-alt
far,fas,fa fa-moon
far,fas,fa fa-newspaper
far,fas,fa fa-object-group
far,fas,fa fa-object-ungroup
far,fas,fa fa-paper-plane
far,fas,fa fa-pause-circle
far,fas,fa fa-play-circle
far,fas,fa fa-plus-square
far,fas,fa fa-question-circle
far,fas,fa fa-registered
far,fas,fa fa-sad-cry
far,fas,fa fa-sad-tear
far,fas,fa fa-save
far,fas,fa fa-share-square
far,fas,fa fa-smile
far,fas,fa fa-smile-beam
far,fas,fa fa-smile-wink
far,fas,fa fa-snowflake
far,fas,fa fa-square
far,fas,fa fa-star
far,fas,fa fa-star-half
far,fas,fa fa-sticky-note
far,fas,fa fa-stop-circle
far,fas,fa fa-sun
far,fas,fa fa-surprise
far,fas,fa fa-thumbs-down
far,fas,fa fa-thumbs-up
far,fas,fa fa-times-circle
far,fas,fa fa-tired
far,fas,fa fa-trash-alt
far,fas,fa fa-user
far,fas,fa fa-user-circle
far,fas,fa fa-window-close
far,fas,fa fa-window-maximize
far,fas,fa fa-window-minimize
far,fas,fa fa-window-restore