far,fas,fa fa-angry
far,fas,fa fa-dizzy
far,fas,fa fa-flushed
far,fas,fa fa-frown
far,fas,fa fa-frown-open
far,fas,fa fa-grimace
far,fas,fa fa-grin
far,fas,fa fa-grin-alt
far,fas,fa fa-grin-beam
far,fas,fa fa-grin-beam-sweat
far,fas,fa fa-grin-hearts
far,fas,fa fa-grin-squint
far,fas,fa fa-grin-squint-tears
far,fas,fa fa-grin-stars
far,fas,fa fa-grin-tongue-squint
far,fas,fa fa-grin-tongue-wink
far,fas,fa fa-grin-wink
far,fas,fa fa-kiss
far,fas,fa fa-kiss-beam
far,fas,fa fa-kiss-wink-heart
far,fas,fa fa-laugh
far,fas,fa fa-laugh-beam
far,fas,fa fa-laugh-squint
far,fas,fa fa-laugh-wink
far,fas,fa fa-meh
far,fas,fa fa-meh-blank
far,fas,fa fa-meh-rolling-eyes
far,fas,fa fa-sad-cry
far,fas,fa fa-sad-tear
far,fas,fa fa-smile
far,fas,fa fa-smile-beam
far,fas,fa fa-smile-wink
far,fas,fa fa-surprise
far,fas,fa fa-tired